SubtleCrypto algo (#21434)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/subtlecrypto/wrapkey/index.md

- `wrappingkey`
  - : The {{domxref("CryptoKey")}} used to encrypt the exported key. The key must have the `wrapKey` usage set.
- `wrapAlgo`

>   - : An object specifying the [algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/encrypt#supported_algorithms) to be used to encrypt the exported key, and any required extra parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An object specifying the [algorithm](#supported_algorithms) to be used to wrap the exported key, and any required extra parameters:
```

      - `name`
        - : A string. This should be set to `RSA-OAEP`.
      - `label` {{optional_inline}}

        - : An {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}}, a {{jsxref("TypedArray")}}, or a {{jsxref("DataView")}} — an array of bytes that does not itself need to be encrypted but which should be bound to the ciphertext.
          A digest of the label is part of the input to the encryption operation.

          Unless your application calls for a label, you can just omit this argument and it will not affect the security of the encryption operation.

    - To use [AES-CBC](#aes-cbc) or [AES-GCM](#aes-gcm) pass an object with the properties given below: <!-- AesGcmParams dictionary in the spec -->

      - `name`
        - : A string indicating the name of the algorithm: `AES-CBC`, `AES-GCM`.
      - `iv`
        - : An {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}}, a {{jsxref("TypedArray")}}, or a {{jsxref("DataView")}}.
          The initialization vector.
          Must be 16 bytes, unpredictable, and preferably cryptographically random.
          However, it need not be secret (for example, it may be transmitted unencrypted along with the ciphertext).

>     - To use [AES-CTR](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/encrypt#aes-ctr), pass an object with the properties the following properties: <!-- AesCtrParams dictionary in the spec -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To use [AES-CTR](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/encrypt#aes-ctr), pass an object with the following properties: <!-- AesCtrParams dictionary in the spec -->
```
